Astro API overview, getting started, policies (#2825)
astronomer/docs: astro/api/overview.md

The API contains multiple schemas, with each schema representing a different part of Astro:

- **Platform API schema**: Includes endpoints for updating your Astro infrastructure and resources, such as clusters, Deployments, and Workspaces.
- **Identity and access management (IAM) API schema**: Includes endpoints for managing role-based access control (RBAC) components, such as users and Teams.

To make your first request using the Astro API, see [Get started with the Astro API](api/get-started.md).

:::info

The Astro API is currently in beta. See [Support](versioning-and-support.md) for all policies related to using beta releases of the API.

:::

## Authentication

All requests to the API must be authenticated. You can use [bearer authentication](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/authentication/bearer-authentication/) to authenticate with a [Workspace API token](workspace-api-tokens.md) or [Organization API token](organization-api-tokens.md). The following example shows how you can add a token to a curl request:

```curl
GET https://api.astronomer.io/v1beta1/organizations/{organizationId}/clusters \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer <your-api-token>'
```

> Endpoints can return subsets of specific attributes based on the permissions of your API token. Generally speaking, if your API token's role would allow you to access something in the Cloud UI or Astro CLI, it will also allow you to access the same thing or action using the API. See [User permissions](user-permissions.md) for a list of all possible permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Endpoints can return subsets of specific attributes based on the permissions of your API token. If your API token's role allows you to access something in the Cloud UI or Astro CLI, it also allows you to access the same thing or action using the API. See [User permissions](user-permissions.md) for a list of all possible permissions.
```
Would it be better to just specifically call out the exceptions here? The "generally speaking" makes me have more questions.

## Rate limiting

> You can make a maximum of 10 requests per second with the same API token.

Reviewer 2: for v1beta1 the limit is for the same token and on the same path. precisely, 
for POST and DELETE requests, it is 5 req/second/token
for GET, it is 10 req/second/token

for example, create deployments, will be limited to 5 requests/second per auth token
get the same deployment by id, is limited to 10 requests/second per auth token

Author: So could you theoretically do 5 DELETE, 5 POST, and 10 GET requests in the same second with the same token, for a total of 20 requests
